pages/undergradaute.md, before:

---
title: Undergraduate
permalink: "/undergraduate/"
layout: page
---

## Mosaic I | Intellectual Heritage 0851 or 0951 (Honors)

Students investigate the nature of the individual in human society as illuminated by philosophical, psychological, religious, and political texts in dialogue with examples from art and literature. Themes: Journeys, Self & Others, Community, Faith.

All students read The Epic of Gilgamesh, Sigmund Freud's Introductory Lectures on Psycho-Analysis, Plato's The Trial and Death of Socrates, the Bible, and The Daodejing of Laozi.

To complement these texts, instructors may assign such works as Bartolomé Las Casas' An Account, Much Abbreviated, of the Destruction of the Indies, Sophocles' Oedipus Tyrannus, W.E.B. Du Bois' The Souls of Black Folk, and the Koran.

## Mosaic II | Intellectual Heritage 0852 or 0952 (Honors)

Students continue to work with texts across cultures, histories and disciplines, extending their investigation of human society to the cosmos, and moving from in-depth textual analysis to broader considerations of scientific discourse, philosophy, and ethics. Themes: Science, Power, Money, Environment/City.

All students read Edward Jenner's Vaccination against Smallpox, Homer's Iliad, the Declaration of Independence, Thomas More's Utopia, and Jane Jacobs' The Death and Life of Great American Cities.

To complement these texts, instructors may assign such works as Galileo's The Sidereal Messenger, Michael Pollan's The Botany of Desire, John Locke's Second Treatise of Government, Karl Marx's Capital, and Henry David Thoreau's Walden.

## Online Mosaic

The Intellectual Heritage Program runs several online sections of Mosaic I and II each semester. These sections meet only online and may benefit students whose schedule or location makes it difficult to attend class in-person. The curriculum is the same as all other sections of Mosaic (same texts, same expectations of critical reading and writing). Intensive participation in online discussion forums takes the place of traditional seminar discussion.

## ESL

The Intellectual Heritage Program runs several sections of Mosaic I and II each semester that are reserved for students for whom English is a Second Language. Only ESL/Bilingual students may register for these sections. These smaller sections provide additional support to students as they increase their skills in the university context. The curriculum is the same as all other sections of Mosaic, and completion of the courses fulfills the Mosaic requirement in General Education. Eligible ESL students can register for ESL sections via Self-Service Banner. If your registration is blocked but you believe you are eligible, please contact or visit Emily Carlin, whose office is in 214 Anderson Hall.

Please contact Jessie Iwata, Associate Director for Teaching Innovation, with any questions about our ESL sections.

## Intellectual Heritage Tutoring

Drop-in tutoring is available for students taking Mosaic I and II. Our undergraduate peer tutors are available to discuss the readings, and to talk through your essays. Please come prepared with your assignment, your notes, and your text.

Tutoring is held in the IH Lounge, Anderson 215. No appointment is necessary.

Commit message:

Edited content and added content from landing page

pages/undergradaute.md, after:

---
title: Undergraduate
permalink: "/undergraduate/"
layout: page
---

Our humanities seminars - Mosaic I and II - introduce students to foundational texts from cultural and intellectual traditions worldwide. Guiding themes such as "journeys", "faith", "science", and "power" are the basis for reading, interrogating, and relating to texts that continue to shape self and society. Upon completion of the two-semester Mosaic sequence, students will be able to:

- Read in its entirety an unfamiliar and problematic written text (theoretically, historically, or culturally challenging)
- Recognize abstractions, large ideas, and implications associated with difficult written texts
- Make connections across disciplines, history and cultural boundaries
- Construct positions, arguments, and interpretations through textual analysis and evaluation
- Produce thoughtful writing that reflects persuasive position and the conventions of academic discourse.

## Mosaic I | Intellectual Heritage 0851 or 0951 (Honors)

Students investigate the nature of the individual in human society as illuminated by philosophical, psychological, religious, and political texts in dialogue with examples from art and literature. Themes: Journeys, Self & Others, Community, Faith.

All students read The Epic of Gilgamesh, Sigmund Freud's Introductory Lectures on Psycho-Analysis, Plato's The Trial and Death of Socrates, the Bible, and The Daodejing of Laozi.

To complement these texts, instructors may assign such works as Bartolomé Las Casas' An Account, Much Abbreviated, of the Destruction of the Indies, Sophocles' Oedipus Tyrannus, W.E.B. Du Bois' The Souls of Black Folk, and the Koran.

## Mosaic II | Intellectual Heritage 0852 or 0952 (Honors)

Students continue to work with texts across cultures, histories and disciplines, extending their investigation of human society to the cosmos, and moving from in-depth textual analysis to broader considerations of scientific discourse, philosophy, and ethics. Themes: Science, Power, Money, Environment/City.

All students read Edward Jenner's Vaccination against Smallpox, Homer's Iliad, the Declaration of Independence, Thomas More's Utopia, and Jane Jacobs' The Death and Life of Great American Cities.

To complement these texts, instructors may assign such works as Galileo's The Sidereal Messenger, Michael Pollan's The Botany of Desire, John Locke's Second Treatise of Government, Karl Marx's Capital, and Henry David Thoreau's Walden.

## Online Mosaic

The Intellectual Heritage Program runs several online sections of Mosaic I and II each semester. These sections meet only online and may benefit students whose schedule or location makes it difficult to attend class in-person. The curriculum is the same as all other sections of Mosaic (same texts, same expectations of critical reading and writing). Intensive participation in online discussion forums takes the place of traditional seminar discussion.

## ESL

The Intellectual Heritage Program runs several sections of Mosaic I and II each semester that are reserved for students for whom English is a Second Language. Only ESL/Bilingual students may register for these sections. These smaller sections provide additional support to students as they increase their skills in the university context. The curriculum is the same as all other sections of Mosaic, and completion of the courses fulfills the Mosaic requirement in General Education. Eligible ESL students can register for ESL sections via Self-Service Banner. If your registration is blocked but you believe you are eligible, please contact or visit Emily Carlin, whose office is in 214 Anderson Hall.

Please contact Jessie Iwata, Associate Director for Teaching Innovation, with any questions about our ESL sections.

## Intellectual Heritage Tutoring

Drop-in tutoring is available for students taking Mosaic I and II. Our undergraduate peer tutors are available to discuss the readings, and to talk through your essays. Please come prepared with your assignment, your notes, and your text.

Tutoring is held in the IH Lounge, Anderson 215. No appointment is necessary.
